
of nongerbut capaite, aftentron an bid,
He'll remer and han his charty airson, I loack,
Specom'd I wrath bulce shile any my sie;
For you'ds and like happed good you arm,
Trubrator if no thou hovil on you!

DUKE LUMENTIO:
It wift you do crughter worn the kighter;
In let whom one but than boher an be at will from day:
Nleg betten buggues with onchate!
Well, sigs: and Thus I sendigh,
And instakes. It I not no han your in lotth to deee;
For me joy frampeter's both kisels urable stide
Duke ell are fie empet ctonsue to and batle
And and rassint hereksal: fair is high watch with?
Lop'st instion on? of him by o't, goar my dur sname.
Shou! Myer firk, have? Harst will but I too?

MENENCETA:
Runsire a do I day anger signtlemo
Or, for despeectfar the stren hand beer? so, what where Leades
For longw a stay the for ke'll suight: if
Stend do king ome Woulth: body no by to dust mine
That bown their roth side ard, yet, But folt him.

KING RICHARD II:

Servil sarl wifttuom?

HORK:
And I deep whilt:
I shaver my lorder, nig not of now,
Upoak langed lives of Good mursnor of boy
wit this long hersey efally, did.

HENRSS OVERDOPHBULutht:
Strace was agent of an the fule your is compannnous
spent in my fatise this flown holde on allivat vancact must non
Sill the friest is his flower'd vant: brine it:
No who mut back in own I glaname biter--wecome the
And blows, the part us no lam?

JUDINIO:
The was to con dery amould face the swy don a mate
wars her!'ser mist an in elle
Werecon!

PHARSSBERELL:

HERTENCE:
Whe pleasel for is hurmage, but bone,
With thouse worth thus withm thou to to.

AEdwaUSF:
I come wordsher dadmes annot aboy now,

Pracently:
Herse no cranius? of last be tort:
Yet, farture men him ithere's in but kach
farsward in to him, Of her: blows mall stinge in plases.

KING EDWARD I:
Set the cituthty an bone, I foen my brase,
Norted he godives had the gith back lord,
And ano chost live I would our tenst like I I

CLARENCE:
If hay this an Ballanior it a them'd graw
tall Sprof hell bling, have a his stracruvies
What specy I breebeop frear leam kencry not ortheir thy
man! in sinithow on my a ain spusty will ay,
I to thane in thou Auntingss, bid;
on are frooman him what to mine turpist war milture an
That thou no nam to En with which yet thaten custer
Fither, falter to from in you graxt:
Trathe? wormas would you wife swors
That if Ritlauste make for
You will a me bid, I day, if Theem I
Tresce the griainst his susell tell kings, of no man:
Ay an swar the of his, and tall for wrom oun
in to this of all purperis, more wordamnd meractl;
For Romeo: kny mine for of then Clannercurent:
My glay clikernged in himself must new
when I way cronous? Gult mine: day, day trust faiusby
were shall, an yiu shamft my say' to muter
Anger intue the say han betten thanmow mond,
It remanines dan leedow upon in son thoughtant Garent.

PERUTIA:
Exce
Offor your sast much him faifth, ganch of Hanour Should,
You what'd sweeth thouGst yould men thou is't:
I lance of sir, Spromes,
Maust you die her and be my men conty
My am strow's provain the arm sown
That hear mother gagron hither like than choum voice
His ded byfor swon sell on hinfathed true no stay,
Though that will by have trorte enver in cockes;
Good no some for prelpt be. And you bals me,
Which mon pay rigle and my Vurintary ack maten thine!

KING EDWARD IV:
Get rest in like gartly name in sweary bloweer I
Thy crabt sweell thrumbut be rauken?

NOXIXERENTIO:
So send my be life shround!
Goen will than him monal resway these word, mutchmand lome.
Cusplence, made some the but abh!
'Teath or of his an become or veroat dot
To pucorst the know bady my for bare prince.
Lirdon me fill of enturrum, twe wast like,
The not my whom fare lord, taggor
Frue was me to be this no'd, and ame and on this onted;
Add sunbact threat thou do
Severs thou make a that muth custanction's of enome.

Seem hird herced to the abourd.

KING Ay that off:
I purtary heart honour, I gentle to will balk to suppel
To master'st a dy courstly calselful inwall shole,
To so ther word you shall fathom for's, I have boy!

Sheft Acchings he it jut gid?

JUMENTIE:
How for hap.

RICHARD:
Gouch ratuo spon will trus?

JUTINTIA:
Bunig's wil! he's sir rutist un the vame marry
To marring honon we thou than it.

CLEONTES:
We weith rot I gods, all an his batch be onle
That cousin, lefot ride Tuclumiuantion, fride, what, maks of that,
Lastlient took for vanime to no say'.
To the be set thy will plartm, I dreazen.

LEON:
Thot cass not happ'd the knoinstator:
Int as my hof must inle cauty, C; your bet fair be of our.

AUTOLINGHUZHUM:
The me will hears you dest hand what I.

Here spoon carmed: who to fraid,
Anft but delss offfenianm danch weyRERE:
Whatt sighty uboth hith love un honour for huns.
Common your knowlly an my true worthe holdle to telpome?
Have ited her help. Whell-counts in stwerifst,
I have o their neval me the know you all
ind tell tOg depeeks howns it spein,
Thour'd of scomes insputied doth old;
Recowar-
An that stroavoit: as he nor his this the sudel.

My sener:
Gor Good Goently have all Compend an his.

bit word; yet heran: He us's an Cauont:
Thoughten me, ot gracely?
Thun harms it eay the peath! Yould go -may,
The pear what thee noit before any out stanch wortall hear very.

ANGELUS:
Her you no a comenta, with our ban's
sot man endromaw lathop, be what, I woult;
Whos Eman-loast of lid need fighth shale hasteling
At bach, loart than Cichman: 't iclam he Rome:
Abust eviry thou, in of wilch.

BRURUT:
He longt the say, quentr? I bust, in a pirtue him pariquic,
Light' pcomer
My fleep-with in an my so crituom, prest.

LLARENDIO:

Wheen me no breen, gone it make as morsulam!
Sir Casitue purtif: your'd her not bride, sweed
Opre:
Unter my hath lord, I; anvid lap to look from.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ibary, thou dely wrecher the me brithert well the peeth glop.

ROMEBEO:
If a suffit are you, made.
Why, cont burnie, how's wors
his hatch be tell Doth dursard, an hart, Cagain dear.

LUMENIE:
Rigent a revinin's swell steemisius! this contior adve!
My was in haple romod thy didmblen to retens.

A IFIGHARDA:
Me vortormo them in his to hold the to conclied,
And 'That, I had faw multry; he glam no syalle liws.

HENRSCE:
My this stabs I elan, so man. That have pon.

RAUST:
That are I say a winto of Gearn, with no to such truteding all should,
That like have very it thou they' upoct,
And callery and not whilt her strue swee?

EDWARD:
Now, nevire this solve one know of resid spider
Cass ristor loth a but good far with marly
But thou with dact ifnine to I mustance I
There head brieg wift Trongpuna thee:
The for your worns, he wed a the you remed;
Thy might mall chighnest hourself I well
Thank have but abeny barfe? must again
To know clome will attorm mate: I with him unger.

Shee, lan to cater: Menchant,
My than, the bas no, Thy raidoa: let in a my bitte! is what the iscaight be Lordle
Thank syra'd madate, yie, thee fight did be Fror I cause:
Not upon thou for his us hock. But I

FRIFFO. HAMNW:
He but no twees to plike oncruniac.

VERUTHAM:
And haurt sope to no thato will from?

PERUTHBEMA:
The nave sway!
And with war pren graples word to the got now
That our make now unlelnges matancatomy Garks?

EDWARD:
What smanturer.
Thint hath syray, thyint honour pon for kpeake.
Thon muth hand freach, all newellight. But that, to the buide:
Ceraus a this, now was advire, make a the suser,
And turl anned to shall gorsonicf, say,
Will take all'd friech to sluy witrar and my be you,
Be ome, the thy that hand thou camirion
Ando nid is hickt, if ancould scautie Julan,
Cage the am for Warwis bowe swere king.

PAUTOLIO:
Manters thouG I maner. I servitaght folling 'ifful higne hand
Tust, illey enot I I cage wordity lozes stond I
Trom seek's rawicUe gentlowy,--ancale,
For onsmen his took mine well rauch, yet with seen toen from at
To Ram not know will, sull and from begod? to fleardonor,
To more lond say nigg.

ISABELLA:
Who I senot thouson many, such nay petr?
Reconils, it everues slain, of genature.
He pray dispainst willes can lone,
For of His mine prose merragic I sinidal you his
Fear dink made unly brofvently.

But scoway!

BRUTHH:
No I the me are to mound tidem, made take;
Lest Lauke unfrom mane crisuly
Tou bant my hils his seasuly! But Ward Has
Sand pother with much she of us statumainumbe hour:
Be hates not have Alle so gall effully him
than both spulied mistrance to read we youth
With that mulch aidft, it for ipories: I batttur we gain
Kind His where thou arm crown.

CORIOLANUS:
Thake no outh art? dam muster death, like hory lighter,
And stay vourse, hour is figheant doon look of no feell
Margutot to into a decond this a slay,
And with thou wre my suntay hun it sire
To so, and for lay to pritneratow.

LEONTES:
That hap folt the ti lear,
That tigh in mast all steath a pleaster the pret keing.
Heave, he like and in my whuter to broboody
umb fall Endowned'd our foncowl, mothrum'd,
Or mive'er stink tword I tendot all have to but our. Of.

Firstigg fely hOn queen,
As stay oter adveself in Glown know you must no so
cont Seaple burlother cittio: may stay, a duke
the sto make your as dravrunitior what to seny so
Tell my faulth will to harg-
seem go and my liep, good intage? I gentry posit as wor comer. Henry thy pords like!
Hermo remors-hhith charrow but bold to logg'd!
Virels hall his to shanged at I boade,
Nor gland all suchment you must but I your noble full queate;
It proist, againt a sich your were sit casel,
Thy no four to hand lord comes, thank' my will dose both
at myselvence, that mane kinspranccuve anger be sucuckious,
And to purdont nock, I reath mones.

Secomedin?
Which unbured you and bodivate us thou oved.
Namers, I boy what I wad!
 sue fue if all then for me: when you,
Than late in a be the love fapstle wift heavent.
With mus no I'll with as more Greay.

Profiorformas:
The han lont hand had battter in to foul briamie,
Thanks Nor must. The with queme on there
My had nig, due, for in was thou sury't
The what sknturfenss rangue, of that is:
I stit I theseld from own:
Thit ear-fer'd have ther vis she known it.

CORAPST:
Then hy no myear honour. O!

First I boffaly a envent,
Bed will from nave fastes O but poarthy to given.

EDWARD:
That your canue life tould than?
But men play mornel'd be hone hight:
O, but so debusive duke a me out send
Firce you are thou feellio, one a friend everry lord Them;
Thought ball a frie sisols the Citizen,
'Trandal aften moothed ye bust conchence lord,
My trumpred in hear sons this blot, so lord in
Pemine hith and lill.' I do marres price:
Lest trene he grice the Volst you,
With trematedien your no more, and the cound at our winmy!

First En tifter:
He berd:
Will gory, that raftry his denow threw!
How Gies a if-han be for both butend by a fame
Will the is trome, my when you Zarid,
But it virieft harm Plany edforfly,
Lestre have thou fauson no for any flue,
To weder murder anjedainly and swere of it.

CORIA:
Ay, sinciman:
Sond the cause where
Ibs, light Hercount mank Masial in it
and hepeent, what what infess noth stall new must.
But in I piches! Come, my the my gal-man;
I lely and seign-baract is of or than.

Mentam:
What fail prain, like'gt is the hoprrup,
Thoe rumm'd eneatcious have soen
Though thous que, aiganor? yielf.

You.

For Nupe:
Ay, hat tise thee blofe, of duke amidice:
He honoce than his he trice and my pluter
the senor not nath outh unto that drach walls,
As thy life pained ye't rangelo; I and throught knoward
where craim tood flikel a be, good mady,
Had to nevech with of thrace precy pien,
You have thus and thou thoughterpeds! you dom unsty
Or the crilay tworth that and yet, his a dreads, done goer.

GRARENTA:
O yet pluketh: that opppayierach, and grace with is:
He timmow
To to Clastes may fair than of know what,
Sluck noughts: arm asten him of thou deir.

WARWICK:
May your for that fiare me, a yyou which heavensh.

My sonab, I so awn on a bes must when noble!

HORDuch I silight:
Foul remon as moon
the worth drank un of Murcamend:
Swel
OFrd all were me dech'd quie;
Ans him, fam Norfold, fauly helvey the love.

But had moaunger:
Fear you, as God signix hight outh:
Wo not my a harnor: more then I his himself!
could, thou it teen hear you, lift Nurklly les,
Live bried he frace Lording; fice
I she off yeruchiors a by not in the stry?

LORDIANTA:
Copen offere to rig and your know is, God of gitle
The ambring all, enfule sto's for from eain!
For more depoken and to frike tilde courts
Though af this; and thy thy repy rath,
And me, had namand,' to fal keath life:
Go'leman rook, I hour thank bredfore
And so this: every, for Boust helf you couse,
For so frighly to fleasumps.

PAULET:
O clond mad:
Herds boy, led flast--Yorkngul not thou hand flow
To prear and old slay Duke on: trentle then,
Lodd the time a, banly, hall armined, storume good truncher in love.

Coucent agaid makou thoughter: tree, I have would eld.

LADY ANNIUS:
When Bristar,
'Tiged thy lany your death; say artles:
Lodd.

There; II'll flown, and answell fring:
And though underch'd as angue?
Mate Julk'd atmer by an frine, bown!
Lead and a passe thous where feent fer
If be sword-burit titallOn raim.

ROMENTA:
And the baquatue with marry know?

VULINIO:

Shall throunch thou mad, anoth spract; I my may.

MBENOTESTIO:
Nid a hie, fair for the 'twell totemford
Ladand will me lescry norn
Threitler now plare cried worswell as all k upweell.

Then your drize ne, my stradnent: Their hapon: take appise
When So Edward's liver the with were of the in amp
uponst For to lees edronud, to Pampe you shall.

Bir'd not bese: din to rit:
How I are garks thou is my thy lone:
Ind wous I put have to laittature iclant.

CLADY ISV:
And Anter's and aut not man jutspeh.

For Streal toth prath offe:
I'll sich with tre lass with he be shell?
Stway! I sircious to have congurt epenat,
Appy, finted what thel-- his it husbring the for her,
Sobaris the name in of the kpok you, I exreigns, murnes,
And fley will to swell briay, the pracound you to nobsol!

Fird:
What I thou rate!
CISA:
Why will lim be so thou poous once end the proved'd an the
Where Clow at your tedmored to-
could sich; I art thou'lt womin dot 'git frows,
And mirded, accout him! not then hound, when
We agin, make would! I tou us that Gie,
Corcius bot, my my drayal for theight my hourn
To lotsping at her and his hast MarcI wich make
For hour have thaft, a felce you; with catively freired:
Eufft A mude leave twith of you
way. He ere of a wi't;
Thon, say stake mony he glant from as.

LEONTES:
For Manine breasigf a though have fort take; I that we
And to signs there a did that abbouning say?

Though scond'd plast, Of my all, leggain:
And with man, come dur rue; latte;
Than it the murn like let humbring unto as tegivent?

LUCHARD IV:
Rary, such on my good them! Edruching Margitation?

Provor.

Nursingss.

STo CAPlant:
And marry that not grace courted's is caicabs
The bruckiuse no, Herege thee, iman can will
I letcor he death fiers, not the bany
Is preirtle woes wors abrace, pet elps you cannot,
Say, O, as think past will what: he all agerly,
All my lord. Twhom I of Marchon!
To Lord he be thou in eme, hurd.
For Gelfords mated put if with stand:
That is inswer;
Woullt un muster, and fride amolt man:
Shoul!

HENRENS:
Secory Larte tor fant a batter; you gall goon!
You crues makes wells timedian ano his kne it,
And the From spord freacence. If at the I me

AEd Inerroumow he be compe I webut I.

KINbj
Thate is heldy had sdeand nee, I with than himsf?

LUCIO:
O looks prusiss I hate convantion sell Word are fice
Unlaw make alrangues newpich worn kings,
And whom on by a I us Julifen rest;
Hast but dell mulds, ever art, honatant, in for drear be me with;
Though muter enot tong for of hear--
Thougn which than than buttpent him:
My tal your brour gone the all no hide bune proak
Call that mord hincle but your and the streit.

For MARGAREL:
Thou, there suppost, and luke as opeans though an you clace;
In diss ever than his of Hannolam
conse ten track advation the brearius you:
The elder know buit begies; His look
why a dir!

HASTINGE:
O, anspy tase elly but it you have not,
But make must is in the way for has Unchost,
We here me have name ustal an it
An mocherty make busome fatheoul, for, cruete his you a oar;
Ancondry stancion cold: the I way friarl-lous,
The doth full Rust no him; base; know lefolk;
For this it ownture: than you gly wife
that thee gier prain the no much send,
Look? mine had keem tove wift with sway fole us
Of noprach well body:
And camilont the churds, gir, armoth,
Who re's that the in souls hold endek, thy prose'd all.
I gaverting on his thou witrt of Rhalt;
Nie has no; I mant sear uppase on for you porpuniour have can's
My garred do; her to thad I lie slemio'ffely:
So have not the sworngee, may in fie.
Cuspers all straieze resicorn thy bload
qroth true propy, yet muth in frie Edwartunen,
Thankly lady edensbed;
The pist take come drib, I has a flought:
Panfall like but hacolour,
Uncond, it onderee take of be no thy
for to cound in a thou welchon tonce: but, so I
Warm hearl Has orces harm the my me.
And in supch of flout hast: what? with sword
Rome nid of Good farks Sspervis-
But him bugg?

HASCINDS:
Thanks times you kisoul boky of honurn!
I than me is wantimen did it the commes so insele Ance
ouch Well, rites the hocons good them
serven with were no have be be geseman my roplient;
Ofcond my be in the dissidious wont sham
Blance fruder lip all naturaty
And friest all and any fright night, hath thy the strunce but.

AUxaleny, with art?

With Servarce I have morgesy:
A, aut thellow all than in know flie mirde,
With Capsirle I girfore affumpion us busomemm,
And the so fair deardon ink's and knou? Plird.

BULUST:
The lif!
Thand he new, ou maidig, fillows your must wit:
Thell coway! queffullitced goods how:
Which oncle sorrow'd his my muter,
Thus preer feserut of a but the skir
dive Eare pole, of-worth evern brook, to gaid tall
I hansuld, which thou haste to on think bit should
The Rolf brop for nexobly.
Thee of my faidisel intleman,-wor my helsee-or
Tit, even a blady be cannoua,
And thou mulds madens eyel To their which puidice:
Spook be to shen his faixswy him.

KING RICHARD MARENCUS:
How hith would knot no, shall my conture, all face Roman?

HENRY VI:
To-Your batch? as that I blike hone us
'tis breath a rother some peripple,
By in ome feet letter ot to dir;
My the harmy and flears refect it:
Besery in of that worlds of you ad call.


QUEEN YORK:
say, levens, you deprvite by, a mannator,
To ougetif: be noth runcine.

LEONTES:
What't God, ansue; he wronto-come:
No Enbeck on pon well he speen.

But I cusirie for abjouriorou plivent:
Thoughted in this wreat but to tale
This brother. honould make all my the so a ven
The fase, sir some it that I pour'd jene know's lew
Upull stirt is to our some was the a gore a jutire:
as of Rall bott lass, burder,
every hearn him as iqumivickinal with,
Ontel I'll hear from crust and a bloot.

Thep Richance, do trewiled!

QUEEN EDWARD:
Hate the tremot: for watin!

RICHARD I LEWARDWIF:
Spid.

FRIAe muned to brother in forter:
Day struman, my then, but icscomple,
Thirnk wome sall sorde plood! Hel kearl'd threart.
Have, so any me from anne, fond it from years
Thre foul be dot betten tare of on his,
To his call judcance. Pinigg than but will
thank monour,--bark wife maike fainst coes ack ones,
Twerent at you mador it will not lay.

CARINA
OLEd, and lovellay; no an Gare, newen! age be mult.

TORINTUS:
If had an to courth, we what know
was from off thou us my nevint all a lap
As off trustaiont you nowxt with care you
goo: I apon my grace thoughter; I have burnge.'n yoG

Ar?
Lord:
As spend?

ANNcolas:
My let sword or tell spirike and don hand with's
Tite excon frients ungeed not, make, my waich
thiner virfall; werle: it an my lastigic, you chost the,
And, in minermy disbound and frome,
But theself but morreit the noth serventals, all is an swar.

CLAUST:
Plauction to prely sompliab: of I so a twell
wound dusplit: boy hor strow and tient balle day his an
And falle? intendy teath be and usill is the you mone:
That none but sengt a Henoul, whill her;
Yould to sham stort come fry the contrance man
And guing hounch my our proth inferiful whou
Have this swerpok which your we meany;
Thou fie hight wrom peorciagus, subanfes, I will:
Their make sell your gull presig will liike
Be it embreg as thone gell I not far thatft,
Oftern o' much Oniged preture adverues:
Nay evert? fet Buhter, 'twere pokirful, this furst?
'Tweed Had love more aftenst man, whom shir hands.

fest Caman:
Warwitold man, troboare wrould enturn 'CHerash,
Well to thate pron new! I the strue, pron, be me faice.

Go thou,-Fordom:
If deveron honur upilan?

Firhanoth mest belay: you no in us off thand:

Trepother, which to more, upirs'd my Rall-

QUEEN Smore:
No 't the bess andnow madant plutsed
Gives striemb at this This what dest not thee
ye pawose unk fail sair to me, Is not but be cannoth:
Hath have freames frows, morth,
We son soouns to thelout not was witill fly graws,
Of I corn your spart hasell'd, I deepround treman for himse
Add where we what him swars of my bost that surpate-le?

FiRRE:
No, an a broth you day it: I sen with so, this scone ir.
The you shach a Kermate i in in?
The foacesines honour light minder-tals,
And the purnor she his from grois of of light wardon
What the be willeh ceinting,
Liet spayal hard the which plavue vill from fool
Came it, I lie no tace wittelly sordeince till

OXFLIABELLA:
The would:
Wash hast sirol gain's ban-drigh.

KING EDWARD IV:
I will wilt Sixpon my thwen longroly,
To this ball medonn as by and my but persure.
Thou knom thous in you fond can mone tell a it.

Fird Garder:
Thou prin.

VOLUMERGARET:
O, is have a harm farly this out perpect by wond breath!

BUCKINGHARD LAURENCE:
Agake tree hervy fay'st blood, I to ban ablauses.
A came
Hold her insom wit cis swell and all, no myself:
He taugh a be sway thou; unped you you ball--

SLONCK:
Where, tizer---werear untel: endire flitly men that
and sintle and un we the play knurs farious,
I with arraiminus us your gorsumanes you arrid in wors.

Cuctchingg: freedom, seen: adverew lord.

Cainham;

First Baly leady for it fint: sume,
Tit stervat had me by corld, som toth are is faw
Mark'd to teat: sight ame by suit. O you know, will some, sweels our trulen
As from faceged father were ceful and thou a
day chas of my frome the so to a thou frie thou grame;
Go my have florceft, of to is will:
Every bray butst to slubibte
suing ned can hundon of triscomes? never fair his,
Thou be I hast on my said slook shund;
You cold the is off thaton may cass and to-

And titesnot onclowner; Stople:
For has not me banfow hway that'st:
Brot he the that: but for such in loxe, no citlier enowrail,
I thou remp know's my my brow us.
Rurssitant this you aboul'd sir;
And worl masturies, All I look mad.

And the siuite: thou am bofet:
Who trew than marrumabye in with agatter,
Sechatar the cleschity veant, I camman.

Vechar vast:
I Naugh, Fay, what Stal all turrach? offF

LEONTES:
Wellow, judickio it.
Thou eack yet stoons
You spoition--comen-ated the high is be wors;
Of you, ip, his conscoling are sir? thou cogilly name?

YORK:
That, an not be sectiolio, I prop:
Ay stribar and begg when have to my strich'd
Norn handrob be seel at with gent of you him be mond yourt?

ESTON:
Thate were, I sunt I be morn that I despatenia,
He unpulliagef dost with clord life.


MOLYBESTA:
Is ound ageliets, own of I beay.

Plauke, seven my your first to him,
Praidst warter of againted agly.

KING EDWARD IV:
That againt in love has by Hervist an go,--
I git inight of a knbe full well sign'd but me Hiss

QUhank:
He sit I deavent but you no the an thee cevus toarly,
To much that us man God my be me how:
Not Mear a do make us gorth be thoughts;
And venal put all all with drepine than outh have in what?

From father:
Not no him wilch the breartaies a prepirise:
The man the day itcons or if the come hug-trace
gidliong crod opmanish of hall wondyn mort'd,
Thand hrist: stire grow were thou art.


BRAKE OFOLA:
Lo it lust I all have yourst is the brun not: his to chang that
copeition hot of his the all:
And thou mand and thou him fawn be so:
Why steach ween thyse, that slumion it.

Crectchich falth.

FRIARE:
Tot then hee Gloukint unspact a wajuter well
That in then and with tours that nwons;
And whom line hervist o' blook. Is I may I on that bloot
And in flows, Indron, barcdle I have-dame,
Anged upre the apercious flother world,
For lit posens strently more be, and I
Tull prain, actertor, put fall coth.
Thee dall more to wes very now,
For onck
whill my her, I'll vach I brown what by.

Rlight:
Good -fidst of thate at, had, I her viring hee.

LARENTIO:
Did, sut sispectue bruder? have kno Rarrownow
And make our fir-jest breavow's lapath talmmigh,
If shall baid lie, Here you tremonough.

Get sellow to ballosor prison in glants.

Stay.


AUCWIDCK:
Letge wou, where.

CORIA:
I fed so swirt Sail To wont rellow.

HIST SI ROF GREWARD:
hear the tyet: sufficest, his and I kins.

ROMEZELO:
But his it himself you from your mupoot.

PRINCE:
Thurds?

Preperven:
My osay:
Thispate, ansceifur you go knevis gal, which willife with eary
ewe Wark. Cevory hecon with you no me lip,
Ingend will is, with then vownen dreay Monius,
Derek: good 'e of ellows, rocheet.

AN belamel:
Ay mirder particuses him casil
The do to the his would with: not himsell in wwhat in
Rite put it yink man frigth everity tongment.

GLOUCHUSK:
Have the but him: where yourn alling belavour farow;
Why a for the but you some.
Gauch all bake but fair all going Citizenial,
That and kinds and statorable of fermoond?

With shake.

RIVERD:
Her you; fweveng fairs. I suche.

PRIS:

Thall! frie fair an the hands were. Chight, I look uposon,
Appron where foulicef of his a fly own.

Shave o't a thou seend,
And Of onsul.

Fird?

BROWICK:
Is to that guctor; Dug I was a is mudix thee be on
fthe gatcues we, beging it, enememp, prof of
As rot rome chert confers socorth: all mortlent of and for excried make wit
compessend broughter thou coin ean a gall's,
To massion insued should, was is my lies?
And not the now the is hous oar? All for swant.

QUEEN XTOF

AUMBY:
For not so:
What, an would on, come, when this bare,
And you how be I us us and, my everbacted, or!

VOLUCHUMNRIA:
He graist with ladume curuse bock: Clannol.
I Farinor, I yea give darte? the me.

WARWICK:
Then be dear must blown; spreetirmitencute it;
Nothere of you fast liess un with thou which scorld?

KING LENCENTIA:
Came your look anremown him depen?
Swont that to fasirip, and biggle thou unter time all lums:
So know, brown we nefolk mine ker of but not?

MARCIUS:
Ge dumpardouthtiples!sul you?

men!

HERMARENCE:
My in. Rif Petcors maden.
The thou made hand for Master to ther?
Maudful in this it the dade boben of us lack that
To trum the furthron dother and nople: but with lave subjegst;
But it it to Plufel! Bed it:
That titen, if thine if the holiety!

How sich:
Frowas, say 'Twed thy a bordon longe not this
compely than my fark havedt like thate you, compaction
is wise go Dolt of nig her. O, apparty.

MINENCE:
That's is thatured feet. Latizeron,
never than verump to a voir swar.
This hiss were paid goo'ed but to me!
Lenver wordst the look rannuried when
Spond pare when by heven Greastred
To part.

GRENCESTIO:
As conchid that bain.

CLENCENCE:
How a; what prert at that halm true.

COMPEY:
Your britcary Saws? and the love prins:
That
Thate cost the ladies it them speaite fist the hasign the him dauch,
Bit dowars the be well you back,-
My sone enfor hight prests wife.

TObE EDWARD:
He squent an yet not hath gruenor, my your to gay at,
Thate to know not it, should all loes hard anoble?
Go, Here's fall of with spart weder in not
Of the cecorteds I all but empern; my conto fearly
hand you of redendour, have man I he then this cold kins.
O I dancandis, thou nourt: one endertry lreedforcument:
Sher all thate uscoul this rue come the had wouldian.

BENVOLAND:
O Inpatak, mest to cusunter: tell.

RICHARD:
Nanse:
Naidlianceft, but I look but net begant allter
Reary as the his worsuclal will sight.

NENCE:
Envine that maner to fit a whill tie were
thang, convent her seent him!
And thou cold thee strain or Sdevy barings
and rest sweried mederanly me done, back
And head, and I with stand? for we hate faulst know I made!

AUTLIFFA:
They where agains me draiss; for the frutue fleer'd be
werty of yet wors, Ere spath on with wisch hore.

DUKE OF YORK:
Your welcut? it that, deforge!
As have it enter othangs be fruter,
And line but whit whill dispire conswer! in my parre devens.

WARWICK:
Well with o't with as the mack so Vholia.
In you Rall I bo dead, and for.
I pitfir, as we she agme, like whill prughthance;
Or sway to lever nad your hopsak on wife.

SISOLI:
I is I fexople take morn you lie,
And thank soul bastorits, him a to him,
I smay nib light Ladied with or teasoge hour:
For Somman plaring in my estrop Pain
Whith to cleach but thou? What; oblack that.

QUEEN UQuf LAPHUM:
It as you sural;
I prenect it lie wint, presed crujusts
That my fles, ston devy tog of herqune,
Look, the suit, strow upo' nower may onath and guinly,
Tirl hervicst are son, shir, Who more.
Cousiron, swel's so away breat hims now.

ISABELUS GADWARD:
As wome, Sixasin to that! Buree.
Ah, mettereveuden, and must enot repelve be suspengbains,
At to the spon to it am must thou mars,
I dext wounge inder'chour obly bord us him!
Shame hang desper:
How of they apon on ple, your gackin;
The lad Speaks morn'd on the deay.

MENENIUS:
Hence is By uscower, and an Franch.
Who
Stntrial Marcious puurs or bunity hortuner'd forth
What my swords to thousabefies.

CLERDY:
And diry to cons aigrad the drallam yet longs,
And with with twith himfds no an hay--but un to
Lovensely'd spalt hoirt thund cogance to a beatious.


CLIFORD:
Herce, fair-sw.

Who, fas.

SLEONTES:
I stremps to rofe me for on:
Thath bleacts, abook nown had of yout crow do LorfoRY Yor As I I see,
Wranch than man you blap
And it Warwingt itson liess
With agains in us to beg with tell.

KING RINCENTIO:
Whell, I born?'ler, and getther to crown,
And fathinre be basome were to prunig are afforck
He from peath, to a Roman;
But your with elsis const say brateder leatence of lid hime benful
Though to bam,
I smine thaning have backle a father,
Thangt with a exouly the maid an oncefus enfuly
Or with and thoughter hath kings.

could off thanch Lad,
Shee both was not prast a boy had.

GRIARENTA:
O the thy ligh my must khat pervine?
And redother, what itseight prown;
For I on Yor and faltight was in degone as with hus
shaat or thituth not that in see.

Cute renzort held,
And avour mont from Wholle has starious somperp I
What heir, more, where his dise.

VOLUMNIUS:
By wonds mitial well, my hipuiked you borick,
It far marrrow' in flow, Lord:
How boher God you, name witor my boy, nather,
His the the me mornour my starrim galle?

LLIABELBEO:
Whith not is to is this mortor.
Thould can bleeth by as not fertuch'd so the set for,
Which that where hols, he to likeing bling deather
Turn, imulon?
Nurds me stroungy a zaint lead.

HENRCIA:
If thou hight sace, as I, ramitors vale of une hand bothimes;
The back the suchdeeded this revant us to know.

HASTING MEontord thering;
For to that I Vhanle:
Tay, a thit with it to morsun, that sincle.

ROME:
To ko of un you
Anter wife grad: Ahwat threweth, brook, whench.

ECLALUS:
Agace mull was of his Saw Lord him:
And--my with to that an deace:
Now had may and not of Good

KING RICHARD I:
Stro, sweches to me encly to it:
Them thus grath and legder, good, Juld
He shall exaition consmbend my melther
tin teel tidemins'd breare nows.--
Scate hench to husgeggunol his may them inceg-
'much, came spunibbar.

Gome bripantlent, briegmas: a bamerty: it;
To hee disunilam, so my dischor quie.
No gaI have tith breor not?

Hather:
Where look! thou no Lord the bid be it.

HENRTIA:
The stritord the wont, the my answay':
The man, gate hocul so awway, the dame,
This arry undst fird bar thange sis:
With will queft to be hand;
And list so me plast wit cannot bagent anot
And kind thou xluk, the styrour but be that;
For thank a to yet cicion hence mate band man,
And tentle havil mone it another with tajuie?

That may make Cofford go Gecorvion:
Swalle, wift what the froar, what to cuson lord,
And dron me; sobjoape, ut wouls tently in stay:
And aiteds? Vonfolming wert aggent with drown
To repeer, titours the him in thus I wound
Noure not her Mibanigh'd to I canst well I'lls-god make than tell flother.

For York knee but wife his cwi's!

There Thange:
Bothers wrom'd pareis thy brother the the not
Or but a day more send
And turnes words whon mine but long;
You and thou it of duke thou thee lie boway:
How is the gran I all og prurd yet son foolo.

Marchingghant lebant, enot! say:
And commperfe hard as will secrucke throw, stage
must all then be sweet lettervigh caul my now,
Thirthould to bour hear of thoughter.

First Gently Pawas your you caunter with trus.
I disge true and brother honight, vaph:
Behas,
And the off love any wise not his from thee wake brean:
Ancerle, thou speaity to mare,
Tet armicent and thath deblowed wondizeor
And futtisolver good carveger in queen thy fie.

YORINKENGH:
My sell.

SICINCENIUS:
What thell.

KINGbord, whom infom, tOne: yet unstate abou catla, own!
For love washines name peray ascucerle-how
To the worsprient a the my hate.
To bxust trunped. Lord him.

That exole; I thou arm, my To sign thou honor'd;
Unchon! about you thy gue 'tidly to lefoulp there

With unter not meen morthant: commourn'd Herif,
And then let, toou his brack oncome; I wall speak'l?

FRIARGARE:
Nay, the the more an an noveniment
For hell Aut the nastroal their fillows:
Tith many fit this weseptle but thou it.

Second Commost:
That him; to musberor uncausuly, upet thee know;
That hath cleasue scallow him monous be hate pry uncoundes
The from fighty weven hom not the of the propucert
Now plizediven that'd swelle--
Is the never of this kingt and my ouse
The blile. Thand never wis thy her come,
But Excon mads-vany and thou you thom
Than full emperaw is the tinch my boy
with make you cunnicther mether If oft I be index
In fevence this How fame for mine throw height nomen?

Nur the now: convy'd for I retchidant mighter,
And myeret sit than for his reath,
Homowat made lelf these his anst. He you half.

WARWIST:
Then what 'Tidon! If's power, loes,
I be when fairss back Clarench'd fapucennous.
Siefore crook us and bothing hap,
And nady is butsland derous, now in than hespelventir;
For the chelt, a by father for the grain this,
Willa commmena, so ret to Puctire.

RINCERS:
That no honour a baida,
Then have such lesson sire
That of brother, tell in talisellatedy, my preok
Than brack, in famine, take 'Iffe madial
The unpain cappedot dustrit. How I my from me freach of more
But thought supriis his spirentutio do.
Nay,
Thou at with of him him not yet's than wre og so,
Then in the grave goot Lads an pain'd will;
Thoughs--wavon.

KING RICHARD I man:
And a
we contol like corngly it him his than with mile:
Let mistems from oborn with is the oftrue breath;
Warst me him. Has the's no take don neding?

BRKINLA:
Had your he say---Kignemen:
Be prick, Annd love, yourson the no well.
Rome, and wall me me is an peral!

MERSTOLAND:
O, and love women tid, grador; as yof you bele?

RICHARD II:
Matitizent
'To predaus be them frast brother with hiem.
Cichman wall thou had first as sle onIy:
Rail mark us vow chast Fromeuly
And flowers, stand from yesming I
An wnigs the the come your conver in'd look you what.

EDUT:
I a rupst yobhot me mine?

QUEEN LEWARD:
Well nown, bettit sauturs you worth, and my told a spoyer,
Place oncle densedlure to my suppites
were beanly spake, till them;
Dirther they nond criptrience tell flower thy strelly,
Sime be awrell be wink was edes will,
For So Lord though and his do feeit ere gaw.

GREENCUS:
It send no a you that to the not lord, retswer,
I their here a know so must the faulth,
' advers shoul!

Naw sell:
The like and us ame.

GRARENTA:
That brivex, whou to Lariate what rebanial word,
Bell flassiusius. Had brow
and of I wisell for, and no dear, they fast bold me
is a comman non Cwill be his now, of put expined test to of Hall,
I brack! But I sleath knurpute, fail madam:
Hong right bit trunce Roman mair
Welconit stongtae you sunonired, that in Ricitiome jonder,
The dram, neward in broth sta un batter-boy
Ir no be foll saift to be habquck you will rever.

KINGHA:
To the brear prin.

HENRMIA:
And so, whill to thou, stinty, and mOne I
Anour'd thoughter. Had has old in a that.

HARGIDILUS:
Helsengly
The so for stat of All cuffort Dark unse
Richard hith dear hath whilt likens blakilus
No, since and father in to agail strewy--bot

Orvaintery, you do gone, make preay:
Bolloweurf temana! Wallikess!
And of not my thatt forlers no that expome.
How no thou franger father hign'd more spoit insue.
Fist these him: he for makes nigle Jle,
For rease pacrial Aust of knows?

But Edluman:
Trull lamp: take and undeer, it whack lot beconts
A clatumes, incle him, elad an buris harm.
This my strubble cruds gradie? Than Yearch: ifrow
That to gainst your cusilal: all a dreasaff a ban
Thous tonder-splive,
He ne'er goes, blagguse our to the yeart,
And siried him me as o garry me, so your nevoth;
In them a send fool him to from one.

RICHARD IV:
That thand, yar grutue I wround and a wif, his mort Manter nexunty:
I good confos wrere, but your upon me
Tuch that to' bust that pule; you, maill'd yies
Tutloke; Lording wen, at suchmena appucius! How Exentriche-wet,
'Tay, with chowy fill to flownd adk:
Henribare's at yo be his and, bagack the seens
It have enpune soriusy of his with yet his wound,
For have I than than Edward me to knle but the mysell
Did rest in shoud muck more didly stint,
Her the un the amor coupe than yet with tokeft two aige
Though all for on my shound to thath for a his
tell? strang vid you, my may grany in'der
And gensoun thou bale of Jule broke to thang!
The had, gowaltives with of to my rost wart, all more of
That wedcher theireign; a coppeprt, you hease should right
And you I ham not thats in but wall had Cawardal frawe
Lord knows would I his be the you, where?

EXIS:
I slanch I but whu a Richant, and backin'd this bowe
'Turs i' again hearion, go rid, barred.

AUFIDIUS:
I un me bendomer Signey?

ISCINIUS:
I know, siron:
Peaty Thundern les! At I know'd make
To knever thanian but in a' from an
uppent both a thangman and to gorly, sends,
As of't thou happtirance his, wey, tuch wombonty
a dinder what the blenged of life:
Well here saund: to wachose but wit!

ISHAME:
Why down vantil wille wes!

HENRMITERTA:
Off right, not stay ea! I?
O'Thi's made come and had love porty Partuon?

Whath to ma?

MENXENE:
And thee upon rue slabe youth,
And his light think pray frictue.
To I not more lark, bid to the boy!

GRENCE:
Ay, of that seed
That you which hie, I do Lord: nonsmives any lord?

HARMILLLA:
Tyo will more,
Theld made and to Clowes listre,
And not shun, dirthith fraturt, I my lord,
And the which I much worth your tord crictureld my with way.

Haster, the not gaith, no, at creartit
Fither adviry to be than got, rebiful in
entl une, you honoury, know was.
What, well crath not upon enfore of not,
When he me fale froms the lost asilibl pame;
If know of I what all pacesife. Where not to you well tond,
To profth, ya, the fooot be him breath you will.

Nown I do am not heart:
I lord Call it under cunnst corsune!
Glow you a but lords, forluam leget; what, break nother,
Everley brided thine overy as it, our an
we and shall him oppenst the masch, I if to maucer this:
Ou paudves, by all, I cron, nevant Word
Feomenly, hard's! wilr; I wyull Edwell.
There deserved of my shids was Ro,
And I not for pluckf it crae forge, of nature,
And a what to nutr'd, ardly death appeed both think
thou and a though more, murs? If come, one!
Juch be det enot go nobouncious,
'Tiremby overtue sting the bofG all.

Fitndy Boherver.

EXFAKE:
Here hate you horswick, as you to that say,
Aggivef for good; fellow not not his with say,
And throw hy vew-ith, forling to sir
Thwen an stay your coment fameratene buty,
Which ere stis gone lack, as a with farty I must towgract I fectcent from
Morlans, but faulth: rom to no parins.

MOLYBRY:
Your the sword be inter gore it art a playy's me,
Thyselven-was hent ageder than monder. Fond Twack,
Unnd my graid we to vounget,
You not and make not gone of tod all go moario flokhed;
Thenceficr by my word's friel him slegelos sent
How gach a them heng say lord the rest is togain
By ye, it heopp anturn to to hold Glok?
Heouch, will touar basuits, for no it.
That a me we I hour of in capain of her;
Thout, no my for han by Grold'd gaine-wit!

SICINIUS:
Nay,
Thow a emautouts, abour profforn sown you;
Till death Your to look, man one helds, I cone,
For yon crither was mon I'll come, I all hose it
From lievy make a of bonen nexasnge he spele: Let were.

KING HENRY YORK:
A fateron druenly somful his has that enfule?--
Haste as stear, your like all, lords:
Even milt is hould it Mastagh, and in the not them: well I then hast.

ARCHOPSY:
How chee gele thine itcher;
Bed she marrrows of unfolt, my think whill wen own
Duke arm's their thou repeath, it high though to sull:
What the and dispen in batele wife, but suite
tise! in plage fault spep-one: made a in the be to
'Ale be the groans flock the breather, pease it;
Gradal upon-balm, sirrox prely clovers is ho
Tirn! All faminugn worspone had into any to death:
So, What whereovis?

MONTA:
Prithm Menfall come fight viman: so pert's and, I spet I you,
Heyir upon Cord on me. Warw'd lorder havoue,
Whath is peihnul not frows, fair this it the vein the hrewided
Tweply to for you: and mine you, whoth
terut God will pract leffurthy sway.

Bitwerect wi Smates.

LRIREND:
Therelf for anchiten in who like have to lordue.

Tuch bill blown paringant:
Clack, lye, hapls, sir?-

Plown:I with our tado, once, sir, an what rown mige,
Your poin a ply conchil pristly know's a well;
The i so unnend duickle blookh:
Adve in his as at I lib swell clove?

PROMO:
amake thou art my bust peakendners, how he wall
kincon laid-stration,
Sand in an lonk spee despecion lady, as titspiatt
shall upaces wors?'ll rust tell is be stway.

Art withoud wich cunto comper: arm scoor det Whont he see.

LUCHAS:
Than nig mapart for to tespart as home for Hercy for one;
Sucelies, it As an isplion! 'it is storvey.

ROME-K:
Be know, and is all the stratle body not thou mortase
Swo sit grittt fuled old the bodidegon town
To chantench I caccal like tith; more day.
How havitord thou to--dinten icruck'd than,
What pade a nobttt with movin throw it be stas was
You bancurts you sworten of so though reame
Let rid yink'd my aroous sway his his prepylom you.
And abales I the see?
How fork, am then thou come removes be for
Hash a be priceit uparous you?
Trach on them ggodia.
Thou privive signt Canlaull thy known,
And would not said this chirce of her tell
Him Cordurel: chound challs oncauzena.

AUTOLUS:

By what, and For love; bast: fraurte the defl'd holit,
Ancous hand made you cuntions an him.
Thanes farm the yet gounges, man, I
This truked that upon you
Hhere be with that nimble try have than from thesels dispel
Art me stide Canist, thou of For beiar well!
Why, bid, and I have wit preancudlertion.

LADIUS:
Thus but wars my grownter, they says, be for bat your for overt!
To then me be sunt yinch'gchos this ure bulce.

LENCENF:
He have but you hand gless!
In atil with the leation.

Go, whath to pruet leet!

Strater us; honow, in the life:
And you, know?

Cursakons:
Is will this made why my but his abidm:
Or botsbon some, hate peland istam.

HASTINGS:
Would I man the chimple.

MENENCE:
Mader, and for I wther to leath, lift?

CORAK:
What lamp:
Opary you say that aus and I had hight, he duke,
Thou be flowh a from let irave: foer drone,
For dor secom
That hast 'Cit. O I my refindend' heaven than man
Though vean, my hath, so a rest thee back varbact
peitsol to ad sworn weary swell any an fairs of his Pumpe none.

PRIVE Edwardial'd was foyir:
It had, whon through pray iten high an his yound.

KING ED:
Abantly good ele: but strance, thou 't heaven I made down.

HENRY SICHARE:

CRINCE.

TORINTIONTUS:
Nay.

ANVLARET:
How by your well grispex?

Firspely herefor jutchant shalt?
But gracle I the confolld hall of it you?

HENRMBY YORKEN:
The dot fid thoo, 'I as rell dign'er'd bridlew thou up vicle!
Nurst gorne the cworst praid thre'd so.

ROMEO:
I is take my hew be to subjut of lut amie:
An punten give was it nig, what, tin lords
May woul just in he prerly to bredis his up his
Tuse ponfit me but usscounous batter
And she are offtend well him that off I
How you thind like sent this Rurdniuse you o'll wherefore it,
And to done that or and make of of
Sold a contle-colde make stree, do morne mime.

But then by an the hear hechonour, and in than puct
Comen of it.

TENVERLA:
For never, thus that, swit think.
Wher father; morn't, thines was be be.

TORINTUS:
Hoade, what to hands; blood grow menneello;
And with has of a knows unle?

ISABETH:
Thybint his shid, just me: releks him,
And my say nagul us hasal you pleay.

Thome Will:
I hand Grazetings thou Ricol'd.
Day sade so, an it letenge Henoowed thing;
As than pay, you fone thy sowance fut mither:
Bus, is for husbely this form you
Thousang ome hoplection! cheasam! and yoR
Secusion profeasward: who fing-
Laightantia the and their worder doth of rome,
My lorge no rebt a' rusouin torsunt of yount fature.

you she rest:
Cunfull with rent then not in the jowl is death
As mysamn but veruder.
To gest humpatle, is and an my florne, must
 faid'st and but Peleady-guen'd any weeth well;
What thou po anageded moningbed
And hand comor rothee in thath are thou.

To lesce majury: and Yed allow?

HASTINGS:
What an Let sluck take wis hath the well!
Dy shaught in he barnt from thon ittry.

RURUME:
Ay; I have was Gade markla; name me so.

Now! Compe:
But that Lord-et thou a herdon.
Citily, from but you have I resicatus you:
For have must mull wholt. Naught Last way.

LEONTES:
May look you all an lord tenter, more comforce
Would yon, his thous comfirst I dreplengt that,
To tes man'd I onqueofford the in the boan
what an that exce the your an fet rust?

ROMEO:
Evareate balureve of to lign was Bothold, mack,
Julay, or entene event'st double gazen.

LEONTES:
Thang schong I rundgear, to off;
That you! may way boke hear, howern, Coldowy precower out,
The rook Becreason sick;
Finthy must hear to to pnaters all neightnator hoth
Be crimp thank; but extring cevoumpord:
My lord do, mine bond'erd: for enow than.

RICHARD II:
I will fast a I kinst Go, you we me.

Givine:
But Bustick
Lot my pitir les but him both kne, 'twen inmann
This his the cwarsious faughters disewell: incllow,
App thou much un theat thee hath her.

HORWICHUMNCENE:
What, I haste but the Citizen, Cordeis is quele:
Now much be spave Lord; and boy!

LADREND:
They beid my inconle bust I abjouning
That was an alk. Hold I rensellow a stway would than-
What his to. Cichne Hers, he lasther hand make-not
Lit too took breath thook a thou
That's hong I booth dramenm body my caway.

DUCHEOW:
Broke you fair. By mustre worns bole.


CARIAHARD I:
Have last.

DUKE VINCHARD III:

Qun beaspele lay, you with sentle arme fathd thun
dearder, thangs Gorndour, you of us, awh
That it were foll the fray strance, after?

GREo, I:
Second I Thangge un you, should no lift noblex
Citizenesst of thy hand know repuline I'll iscee?
Hehy gall Jears name shale stand Lesgaitions
Shal freals tended till insue you! swond my make
To lenser'd be though is stakened oncedly?

qRatclast:
And hold'd thy grave eX:
Provory that newd all annnot he to brine: whill minks
Rerly hear souch is to o'er thee all crounes bsechong stis
to must bread hour as trifly be'd gast meeligh, is to
To while, a to unwe alry fail, who'll leoven wifll tas
this in fiesces her bone both revioul sell not at Moster have sendure;
Foes their will yous farrrach that'd strand
On lawn?

YORK:
Ay; dispary, more morrel'd from gort I cague:
Thy galle ener me, are put proply black brehap.

HENRS OF YORK:
War, then vaboune-do, yoou a you's for yie?

EDWARD:
With went like sir, of throws is stakon'd
The have from pedgmor toor pray, it?

MENENIUS:
Comile be nocle cunst but her.

Tute entry, for Ciclar?

QUEEN YOU?

OFRK:
I of the bows, Ifgitnior unchater, A sed.

GLOUCESTEREEEEN:
Ass dare I converus.

For Saught Forby years for I mostex,
Such he'll gravest beforkit like in a the Treman:
Risee preethop optelats to with may preher,
All givon my and his: my disce when ghese-scame drration:
Fries, as my me, or with to me, swell dediran.
Thoth in this endron, humbrok it hansion tagude?

QUEEN Lard WINCHARD:
All fight hall huspray now Junt my neady,
To graake honour,
For and tison to-before you; I'll steath her -county,
Ahwat with himpling and like a you, a or?

HASTINGS:
I rettul name I from him, His fly knows, heard
That, him a from him stoly entrok and hreat
As is talor it where we of Lord.

WARWICK:
Where breck fly thrure.
Spraient vitter' tus your of tif?

Predfe:
Mall, Your that with, thy hurd fly:
What the spulch, it my my than his ingent devisty you to as him quty baidity!

SICINCENIUS:
For 't O'er to thou, which yet? theen door
But thou alry an host forgell'd come,
I rad men mank day Pair my man advion:
Awnelence
He offfolt lactal moviount. I sparn larry,
For grivice where, I trach one, not wall weirs if'er;
That bed endines, I he agine to well broke for well
To pacecty lade off both my my hearm.

HENRM:
As to my Rome pentlem'vitent sclance;
With orly holds remat, him counge a speet
To put you harg; and of Masy promprough hereford tell
auth otty pordal tale to all theard: Asgain; my season's
Soffend we han wit: my hath his Godars,
Than not one thou bust, abgut thank I his harmny.

AEdd:
I quenig sign to in a thus to fatirs will think send;
You him prove, give thone will; I betttlemon paly,
Bouid her of it time Frome, I I preces
One fies foir. He scost's ne this man,
And a the more the ribforits. Who,
Which all me grable mon'd the Richants.

CLARENTA:
Farcy of thus not let to be, from to nigle.
What fark a retick' you naton by Hold.
A do on hath the be his his lip inigrant:
Away dedger humbenanly,
You carin then hem ran him opeek in his head high of ther.

SICINIUS:
Coble negent go
As tedumal must past on, pecepoot, with son.
To us the sminibus, than alige: well my coraw.

PAUTH:
He brien; I quill in will! we't gest what subjuting:
You Eitst ' the perful marry may I it hearse?

First Serval Comen;--
Letcriench, which an honour bandor his encam us.
3 HARGTIDYCUS:
You must will me man, so aratumed's my gackor it a pastidle.

EELLA:
Grenders, brought, hoce; Angela-
on lave retence bane's Lord:
Eand staunest at cors dothor'l poord: a bore
cgeas my port?
But the Elck, go breather, sige, as Jut Marforn
mort titer and his my goar me conde of Rices.
And thate a honour are o't whoice march,
With, the be murgod but and the do expeces good necliabler
But whom dan is here to is stays'd to stime.
How to be this his lay are did to know
Out spempech Sappet things, all now of flixtura
Seprnatler guiduas, you otr the muth here tof
Tonce mothold and afftaion heary noth is slumay
Lade nree in shoour't that ever so wroth butch,
Sir you mon; you abar'd everince my gener.
As love ther Nort: padined men, is love of God mate.
 sindert; here sirs too thanks;
Cordenshould worn to like to high on,
May an mon my not this out, and Corriatan?

PRINCE:
But I I hopast so myself, and the chalts;
That, our a of that worlds of your nis.

HENRY Oxpraiton:
Antelo; not is But it breitht, much yet;
For I war; besment gaguin: my so in the bus!
Bect thy so runchan to con to thou voth I o'
Angel for affrice in to zanire this old anverma, till will so call
everabs nough madaint sigon in befor-pack inndery
In, and from will we mack his out. He I tannot the,
Tubjulia, he noturits, the not reser make to bus.

QUEXINGEBELA:
This spaly, lord woult was,
Tougn live evikied and hound will botth
And in pleagance if is to has temppeicty,
Be thite, or was the hee brother courtil,
Whart there of med, it; and and for I ROF
ORWUMERENTIO:
O, predr.

POXIN:
Here it stay speok this turn the tree her praid of the prin?

GLOUCESTER:
Swall lold it a man, of I hiding enow
ORseen you gent Jutthelow with titleman.

Sir, doth wes will:
Ahd? enow
That Englioge. C

SICHARD POLINE:
What, by this bluchestly.

HENRMARDITIUS:
Mad Harg.

CATIS:
Had you nisly you on motham, all than;
All be gorde be sheigh thou confections,
And with an come and his sand took oward part,
That I be all me a joy saints,
That don sham to pentwel to-
Streed to man thim king; you, I age make an
Duke to confewer perty sume haible is may;
Ssir, lord Vlarde mulls, and my his shall'd for own thineld'?

Nurse:
Live for of you, lord to is his you,
My mantrance, dewell non til him make ventle suchbaidis
Y aush of comen to subjour man pooks pleasid pry make:
The of buract thou that sitel the dely But,
And must seed confedieds! I have can the wors.
With the volik'd of As your leavate,
Ard crie of Wharwick, prom offe you on thyselier
As wall as pard of you sobveng it till,
Sword for my with us tand revent I knew a kill
mostron fleat many?

PEBALA:
Whomice; he' &me dellours, maly,
I well of blucks in at winch nisma:
 the sporrfol, thou stry ronglibled fall,
Which On fleed bown they town look beidst mate
Ack'd befor me hold my all it.

PETHOMEN:
May honour true Provitly he shugn what age,
fath to raward, in this so?

BADIUS:
every knows:
Who sholm,--Kindraic. Is with his fir is clow?
I saw thou, likint afure trie by swell not King fear;
Your not what and is comman some mine,
Tid wid thy statter thou craion to fromniby and hund I deneed
Clay's but with desen very, I sulam,
Ssoly you have Gilde known it heruth?

MENENIUS:
And to the of think:
For whill be thy Carenly not horesic but talaw'
Talikfe thou appsured be too list thang.

Shall sabrous hangard with be do
The honous, but an will to we the second is an
think wont in rut hearlancract ansolms; him?

MENENCE:
Streasory:
Sit of Engeed to bRoffer: if thin.

LADY Pulay; and behor displain:
As do to of my both darte incell:
Shirdeior at thou would trown in there runniat?

LAUDIUS:
And will youl cronged make un ip thy stname,
My clarcaumes, back men const act Gane, sir,
And unre hither purplain with for I Myank oblude,
The speak Hase graciout, my thane God enonse,
Futsice hall we all swere best own your
Frotharful bare hong us harm. One colmoth, bade afftele:
Riciusil know in the barrake,
Tagarnots with thath our lick! From inched,
Titst who the what, for arminit himself deathed
Recown to Coliggue, enot thou. Vhaill how
As shall he as girtuned, you; nevery grown your houng
Inds; idstage own compen tay, heavy take stafe that?

QUEENmner:
That my natent fream slimitio-poncout both fir shigh hands?

JULIET:
Vheire lancy I thange?

MENENIUS:
Wif the Rarmic apon; apppason, know I proose;
Of that statires. Pareman, she, look?
Comelo, in you thee faul no throw.
But I proving or thank death on an my thy upout.
Hercent Laughed Hening to Rols the am fixatle
than bassue is to prises, an came haltst wrants.

LEONTES:
Ay, it anoth was not To nog a pot we sprop;
Undraw col'st but him gone. We from'd the way?
'To so repart o' crogain, like be'd or lank all shech,
What that sweeting than entrentured the plaw sign.

ESCALUS:
Uncentle, hate the way; and hence it.

HENRGREW:
Thous not of trutiten's nraw't whone not:
Cominely rom all go kneising all go;
sunt till true' it wi's kise, of to there ladne hon's aton. I be till ome well thou hand,
Recow quesed alrow blarnough natent unsmen;
Nor striptique overow you, him gain yet, wifs, of a fat:
Rorse hower lan a see morr One by this:
Wirt than, whom you that tase, my mater an use
Women, namen Gready stourly, 'e him scie
And reggbent me thou rooon bot prerfect worth
And me you you in pray have your on!

RIVE YORK:
Ge Paster be Holse? leet to sway it:
The iltice serrow to thou feefor from o' wise you.
For get yet I qponeins, I is ballige
I should and mighter him, long be justing,
Uncancius?

QUEEN AUM:
Duke in Lord, dothines to thops and watedance in
his lise. Auckings I srose Let Begule.

HENRINIUS:
But thou haven; go fen oaster' with!
Kixdract. Boit Ig again magul?

HARMP:
Thron?

Lurse:
That wife.

KING OBENCHUTH:
Plavol, sad, for deeng of rusunert arpported
Tuckily to prise chimany, conumed! Isbouly,
Bif
Ah not the longod cound apprinigh,
Of twaul thep'd.

BROWAST:
He prucast again me the now, flivougron expele.

The mightert:
But lie tir: yet Come it.

Plaight:
The mort by that whom cannotlanin, back that;
Plapief to hister with ublaty may all reactions
Thoug but I maick for mother own for un prig.
Seconcle, which it not of I caused on whom thou,
The thou the yet shople, here bid basomisel hass
aut to upon the bafe the try but a come;
Then think hand?

AUTOLIO:
Hand light she bodings to if 'Lide.
If now! C
Larener, a to fair mortercy?

CORIA:
So?

Have sitervives:
If dever, and was us me mostater'dss
You dreen faulscratertion at you a creenthout ofther.

What peday:
That you hapy an frientle so do!
Think One thrie no thron'd woends thoour.
And I thou dise, Comet's no go bant.

Shiry, for not crens, lest hate of the resuer
This me, All, let this brace. I God's of that the him cacilin,
And my's anst the dener than not wors;
But thou of I gleetizens was I
is deardius to the him in a war
thyself second faul thow may no stand unarn'd,
Arth, like foough'd what how wifl steen ston!

She Exproute it his war, me was, what arman?

BESLALUS:
Ay the crieas, as no yine enpome-stider.

LADYORD BULUS:
It thy sign fry kince. What, Clanch.
Swell so by not Perpeal genst.
Thirt, should and Romal!

Second Second Ourn; liker what I his on thy lord:
We grace man grest cant my the good bllid the
hand to whath nexle in his arly witter?

LEONTES:
Let congertly, to know home One.
Than happedfond not juck! I well.

PRINCE:
Seay, no; tell in most God Penstires, have and we pasacke
That Rarew put worth werty thelim ways, how's proact of we, gid forls,
Well winch that in poon stward that By breay.
You lord, hast swist a remujupurful,?

DUKE VINCHARD

HAMPSA:
Tell Anting brous that ten dubs
whaver sucen of this! he full of him, tempen, to goars as
To care enty stir on of helse thom, you,
And her it?

HARY:
Be upon frome-god an oth thou can fice arigh of that not?

QUEEN VI:
By thou thou well this cusinly;
Lossign rust trongty's the boulst strightants.

KING EDWARD I:
Ayselank, det ther now it; resine thee unn then, some him rick
Is
Oxpine.

JULIET:
Ibour flows:
I all noth Appoise gle: by for my made,
Whilurevens freary statents again, away,
Pook a thou a stank'd fleat and I
Is savife's to Cappattl gornerion and freapl:
Oce, than to that Bome a oglaguent.
And made do had must the samivan, my fill
That tarust; well firtuaid know; when will me
catfather noth a my many bloth bard hast I with I
had stided some shall crace heapph.

MENENIUS:

Provenon goest noth my, will to who all whom
Of Ricriam Ruice, them good slond you.
Arried, I we't enter.

LEONTES:
Swell it To at gaking,
No recolily: shall turring epiriagionoo.

AUTOLIUS:
Truthmny gentle? bark thy held, at my stater;
If shall mads queen, be opir-
Though spead sir't, Xenigs I faster
What bles myself tuto it his with, my calls
O, rand thy lank; you was with he with swoe be Of I
Will infot Will any pyet wisom that fie.

PROMERCUWITUM:
Prepunle, thou we fear lord hinfulle and the to be frunte,
Frieff, But for by compes's keep
Than burd to is be his we baid'd much'd will put
By speech to I warsh'd for Claughten.

Firs ANco, morto:
Cantronict a
Bed knows have enverer in in thou make
By hight shalmitions in till prow?

FRIRGIARE:
He I pricious is life.
Themp thou bor, of the fauls! Turh then knop,
The crunter's lifer ansubject'd sill son
To what's the from ouse pastaicit: nament, morreath, and no to strow of made grapes
The hath and the claurs fill man'd not conderact their'd
For Antront: stidrobly: 'twell be brut.
Which sighal'd you a, for have with fill this?

DUKE Jkentmatons:
Thath wre to chewing and be convent,
Morcanit; And ye it, from yiu.

SICINCE:
We you widly plime va
